## RedTeam Subnet: Improved Security Through Decentralized Innovation

The RedTeam subnet by Innerworks is a decentralized platform designed to drive innovation in cybersecurity through competitive programming challenges. The subnet incentivizes miners to develop and submit code solutions to various technical challenges, with a focus on enhancing security. These solutions can be integrated into real-world products to improve their security features.

### Documentation
https://docs.theredteam.io

### Subnet Functionality
The subnet operates with a flexible, modular structure where new programming challenges can be added or removed based on demand. Miners submit encrypted code solutions to validators, who decrypt and evaluate the submissions after a 24-hour period. This ensures the integrity of the submissions, as the original submission time is preserved, and the solutions cannot be plagiarized. Validators run the submitted code in isolated sandbox environments to ensure accurate and replicable scoring.

Points are awarded based on the quality of each solution, compared to the previous best. The system calculates emissions based on the number of points a miner has, with points decaying linearly over a 14-day period. This incentivizes continuous improvement and active participation in solving challenges.

## Miner Setup 
### Minimum System Requirements
Below is the minimum system requirements for running a miner node on the RedTeam Subnet:

- 8-GB RAM
- 2-Cores CPU
- Tested on Ubuntu 22.04
But you may need more resources for engineering challenges.

### Setup Instructions
To set up a miner node on the RedTeam Subnet, follow these steps:

#### 1. Prerequisites
- Install Python (>= v3.10) and pip (>= 23):
- [RECOMMENDED] Miniconda (v3)
- [arm64/aarch64] Miniforge (v3)
- [Python virutal environment] venv

#### 2. Install the latest version of the RedTeam Subnet repository.
``` bash
git clone https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/RedTeam && cd RedTeam
pip install -e .
```
#### 3. Explore challenges at `redteam_core/challenge_pool/`, build your solution, dockerize it, and push it to Docker Hub. You can view the detailed guide `here`. We have some limitations on your solution:

- The solution must be a Python script.
- The solution won't be able to access the internet.
- Resource limit: see `Active Challenge Config`
#### 4. Specify docker submissions for challenges at neurons/miner/active_commit.yaml:

``` bash
- challenge_name_1---docker_hub_id_1@<sha256:digest>
- challenge_name_2---docker_hub_id_2<sha256:digest>
```

#### 5. Install PM2 Process Manager
- NVM (Node Version Manager): https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm
- Node.js and npm: https://nodejs.org/en/download
- PM2 (Process Manager): https://pm2.io/docs/runtime/guide/installation

``` bash
# Install NVM (Node Version Manager):
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.40.2/install.sh | bash

# Activate NVM:
source ~/.bashrc

# Check NVM version:
nvm --version

# Install Node.js and npm:
nvm install --latest-npm --alias=default [NODE_VERSION]
# For example:
nvm install --latest-npm --alias=default 22.14.0

# Set the default Node.js:
nvm use default

# Check Node.js and npm versions:
node --version
npm --version

# Install PM2 globally with logrotate:
npm install -g pm2
pm2 install pm2-logrotate

# Check PM2 version:
pm2 --version
```

#### 6. Start the miner node:
``` bash
pm2 start python --name "miner_snxxx" \
    -- -m neurons.miner.miner \
    --netuid xxx \
    --wallet.name "wallet_name" \
    --wallet.hotkey "wallet_hotkey" \
    --axon.port "axon_port" \
    --subtensor.network <network> # default is finney
```
**Optional flags:**
- `--logging.trace` - Enable trace logging
- `--logging.debug` - Enable debug logging









-------
> On the RedTeam Subnet platform (by Innerworks), a "challenge" refers to a specific programming/security task that participants (aka “miners”) attempt to solve. Each challenge is hosted within the subnet, where miners submit code that’s evaluated automatically and awarded points if it outperforms previous submissions

> **Example Challenge**
> For instance, a programming challenge may involve mimicking human language to bypass ai generated content detection algorithms. Miners develop Python scripts to trick the algorithm into thinking the generated content is human-written. The validators evaluate the submissions based on the accuracy of the generated content and award points accordingly.   The best solution is selected as the benchmark for future submissions.

## Submission Guide
### Step 1: Create an `app.py`
Ensure your API server includes the following two routes:

#### 1. `/health` Route
- Method: `GET`
- Response: Return a JSON object with the following structure:

```
{
    "status": "ok"
}
```

#### 2. `/solve` Route
- Method: `POST`
- Input: Receives a `MinerInput` object. This object represents the challenge sent by the validator.
- Output: Returns a `MinerOutput` object. This object contains your response to the challenge.
Both `MinerInput` and `MinerOutput` are defined in: `redteam_core/challenge_pool/<challenge_name>/data_types.py`

## Step 2: Package Your Submission Using Docker
To package your submission using Docker, follow these steps:
